we're interrupting that report to take
you live to
the I believe the Lebanese Capital beut
where we're hearing from Hamas
spokesperson Usama ham let's listen in
recovery of our injured and freedom and
liberation of our captives in the
occupations prisons and I would like to
say that the sacrifices of our people
have put us all in a path towards One
Direction leading to victory in this
battle
leading to the desired Freedom by
Allah's Grace despite the pain and the
scale of Destruction killing and the
Nazi
brutality committed by the occupation in
the Gaza
Strip with the American monies and
weapons as more than 19,000 people have
been killed and the injured amounted to
52,000 however our people could continue
unwavering their their epic Saga
standing fast and sacrificing foiling
all the
occupations uh aggressive plans these
unwavering people who have never known
breaking down and they have never known
they would never know surrender nor
retreat in their extended struggle they
will not to stop except with Victory
with Allah's blessings and these are
images of the steadfastness and
fortitude of our women and
[Music]
children
I just want to send a message to
Netanyahu all my children are for my
land for my country do you think by
killing these children he has achieved
anything he hasn't achieved
anything we will rise from under the
rubble this is our military we will
never be
defeated
these people who are
[Music]
talking are paying with the lives of
their children whom their fathers and
mothers are being killed and massacred
Before Their Eyes they are experiencing
the Zionist War Machine funded by the
Americans killing all their beloved ones
our Palestinian people who paid with
their
blood after every Bloodshed and after
all these sacrifices our people realize
the fact that there is no retreat no
turning back our path leads only to one
point which is victory in this
battle and securing Liberation and
freedom and a dignified life for these
people and establishing our fully
Sovereign uh state with Jerusalem as its
capital
the aggression has lost its balance and
they are not thinking no more of the
security and safety of their soldiers in
Gaza stri and they care no more for
their captives and all they are focused
on is the political security of the uh
War cabinet
this this trial of evil are Leading the
People to an unknown and
uncertainty dreaming of of dreams and
objectives that will never be achieved
on Gaza their dreams will break on the
Hard Rock of our Valor this
criminal this this criminal um enemy
doesn't care about the lives of their
soldiers their soldiers arrive to their
homes either killed in bags or injured
or
traumatized in the future hours what
alasam will reveal about the events of
the last few hours this failed trial
doesn't care about the lives of the
captives with their resistance as they
continue their barbaric bombardment
against the people in Gaza
um our message to the families of these
captives is loud and clear your crisis
is with
Netanyahu and the his War
cabinet with his continued
aggression impedes the release of
captives and he is responsible for that
if you want them to go home back then
you should make Netanyahu understand
that resistance will not break and we
tell only the
truth and this defeated
Army in in their in their latest
attempts to depict and mimic and copy
copy the resistance as they shoot at
walls and they declare victory in an
abandoned tunnel after it has been used
once only the day that the resistance
has uh defeated this occupation and they
show only footages and recordings that
has no military value whatsoever we
would like to emphasize here that bid's
Administration is a partner in the war
against
Gaza and they they suspend the ability
and impede the ability of the entry of a
to Gaza this Administration has crippled
the uh Security
Council
and they are
negotiating the resolution that calls
for stopping the aggression and allowing
Aid to the Palestinian people this
Administration with their veto and
suspending this
resolution will continue to be a partner
into the genocide committed by the
cubation against the civilians in Gaza
STP unless this Administration doesn't
start stopping this aggression and stop
their supply of weapons uh they will be
held completely responsible ethically
and legally for all crimes committed in
Gaza this administrations continued to
repeating their call to the occupation
of protecting civilians from harm and
enabling it to Gaza is just a media
propaganda and a media stunt with no
meaning whatsoever trying to absorve the
anger of the people and the world in
light of their full support to this Nazi
occupation in a genocide and
systemic and systemic um war crimes and
here we say loud and clearly to Biden
and his administration you are Partners
in the
crime your hands are blooded with the
Bloods of women and children in Gaza and
these this blood will be a curse that
will will daunt you
forever you're adopting the occupations
lies on propaganda will not succeed in
changing facts on the ground and facts
of History it's a fasy occupation that
has committed and continues to commit
massacr against unarmed people for more
than 70 years making you Partners in
this Nazi
crime we notice with the Valor and
fortitude of our people that the
Invaders have no our way but to
intensify their their massacr and
bombardment against our
people with and the British also have
joined the wagon today in the morning
the occupation Army has released a
recording of the destruction of 56
civilian buildings in a Shaya in Gaza
Strip This is the footage of bombarding
such
buildings accompanied by comments by an
officer of a brigade it says farewell to
a
and victory starts from here that's what
he
said here starts Victory according to
your delusion from here your defeat will
start before the eyes of the entire
world this a crime and many others will
always be a stigma uh for on all these
supporters of this
entity this
recording is is an
important documentation for the war
crime committed by the occupation we
call upon the the
he to prosecute the perpetrators of this
crime and their military as well as
political leaderships and here we stress
the historic and legal responsib
on the shoulder of the International
Organization for the Red Cross and the
Ona which we are wondering why are why
are they unable to save the people
taking refuge in the honor schools
caring for them and protecting the
hospitals and Health Care Centers from
the occupations targeting we call upon
the Ona and the
wh to overcome all the hindrances of the
occupation they trying to impose in the
International Community and carry out
their duties of saving and protecting
civilians in their shelters especially
in the northern Gaza Parts which is
lacking the basic pillars and
fundamentals of Life Food Water medicine
and massacres are committed all the time
and here we would like to shed light on
the captives that have been kidnapped by
the Israeli Nazi army from the Gaza
Strip they kidnapped them from the the
shelters from hospitals and from
schools claiming that they are from
alasam and this Nazi military have
subjected them what they have learned
from the experiences of the US Secretary
of Defense as they have stripped them of
their clothes and
covered their eyes taking them to um a
Detention Center at
B these captives and kidnapped remained
in shackles denied water food and sleep
kept in cages in open air no one knows
anything about their faith these are
statements made by some of them who have
been released recently
in addition to that the occupation is
committing a he crime when they invade
the houses of civilians as they kill
people in the streets before the eyes of
their family members including women and
children then they don't commit only the
crime but they commit it before the eyes
of eyewitnesses challenging the entire
world about that we would like to
confirm the following this NY military
with their behavior they confirm the
fact that they are a gang and a rogue
militia with no humanity and no ethical
values kidnapping people from
shelters these Zionist Crimes by
arresting unarmed
civilians subjecting them to to
torture are
crimes
Sim similar to crimes committed in
Guantanamo and the infamous abug gra as
if it's the only experience shared with
the American Army to the Israeli Army
destruction mistreatment
and and violating human rights we we
hold the Israeli occupation
responsibility for the life of all these
captives and we say that non-disclosing
their fate it means a decision to kill
them and make them disappear and hiding
such a crime hereby we call upon all
humanitarian organizations for immediate
action to expose the crimes of this
occupation and their heinous violations
criminalizing their crimes and actions
against our
people need to reveal where they are
kept and to pressure on the occupation
to release these people immediately and
subject such criminals to the uh
tribunes for war
crimes here we would like to value
the the brave St of our brothers in
Yemen an and the Armed Forces as they
are preventing Zionist ships from
passing for the war they are waging
against against our people and we
consider that the US declaration of
forming a a n Coalition is insistence
and persistance by Biden and his
administration to continue killing our
people and using starvation preventing
our people from medicine and
supplies this
president in light of his defending the
Zionist
entity is oblivious to the insistance of
our people and all the free of the world
not to support Palestine Gaza and the
resistance and ignores the fact that his
behavior will not deter supporting
Palestine and its resistance such
Behavior exposes his true
color which doesn't Rec recogniz human
rights doesn't recognize human dignity
when the when the enemy is
isra and
supporting and this pushes us to
continue more with our resistance who we
call upon we call upon all the countries
contributing to such Force to reconsider
their decision which is which is an
exposed abetment
and
and this is a constitutes contribution
to the crimes committed against our
people in Gaza the American
Administration the sponsor of such Al
Alliance and all the contributing
countries must realize that the root
cause of the problem is the existence of
the occupation and on our land and they
all are responsible to stop the crimes
of this occupation and end it from our
land rather
than rather than forming an alliance
that would destabilize Security in the
region we would like also to express our
appreciation and gratitude of the
Malaysian government preventing uh
Israeli ships with Israeli Flags um from
ducking from their ports and prevent any
ship headed or to isra from loading
any any cargo from Malaysian ports
and we are grateful for such a stand and
from and from here we would like to call
upon Arab and Muslim countries to follow
suit and follow similar
steps in support of our
people so in support of our people in G
who are defending their freedom and
Independence and a manifestation of
respecting International order we also
would like to call
upon call upon um labor
unions uh from all around the world to
refuse dealing with all Israeli ships
and refuse to load them with any Goods
or Supply them with any fuel or food in
usion we pray to Allah Almighty to Bless
The Souls of our Martyrs and kill
people and we pray for the speedy
recovery of our sick and injured
and we pray for a soon Victory and Allah
will shall Prevail however many people
do not know it is a Jihad Victory or Mom
and thank
you we have been listening there to
Hamas spokes person assama hamdan he's
speaking from the Lebanese Capital
Beirut uh about the situation in Gaza
calling on the United Nations the wh the
World Health Organization to do more to
protect civilians who are Sheltering at
their property properties he also spoke
about the resilience of resilience of
people in Gaza saying that they will be
torious he said Hamas holds the US
responsible uh for supporting Israel
arming them and he said that Israel is
responsible for the captives in Gaza and
that the Israeli government doesn't in
fact care about the Gaza care about the
captives in
Gaza